chore(curriculum): update TypeScript quiz questions (#60002)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-typescript/66f1ae758b77cfc3e4da6151.md

#### --text--

> Which of the following `getRandomValue` function call compiles successfully in TypeScript?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following `getRandomValue` function calls will compile successfully in TypeScript?
```
